Dev log
04/02/2021
Start of the project, first commit.

07/02/2021
Definition of objectives.

08/02/2021
App design.

NOTES
PRIMARY GOALS
Build a todo-app from scratch, using react, redux and firebase.

What do you need to create the app?
	1. Initialize project (done)

	2.1 Design user cases, user stories, or something to establish the data flows and needed operations
	2.2 App design (UI and functionalities)

	3.1 Build backend (it is going to be mostly firebase configuration)
	3.2 Build front-end (components)
	3.3 Wire back and front ends
	3.4 Test
	3.5 First MVP release

	4 Project documentation

2. APP DESIGN
	2.1 User cases
		There is going to be just one user (its name will be 'user', lol).
		'User' will have 3 basic user cases

		a) See to-do list: You call the firebase data and pass it to redux, you'll need to create a reducer, some actions and wire them to a data rendering component.
		b) Create a to-do list item: You will need a form, validate it (i guess we will use react-final-form) and use it to update the firebase data, I dont' know if redux is needed right here.
		c) Edit a to-do list item
			First you'll need the item data (fetching data from firebase)
			Then you'll need to show the data
			And lastly (trough a form) you will make the updates to firebase
			The delete item is going to be a similar operation

	2.2 UI and functionalities design
		The app will have two 'models' (in terms of design, not necessarily in code): User and Task
		
		USER
			The app will be able to make all CRUD operations to this 'model'
			This 'model' is required to implement the Login functionality
			I dont' know yet all the components this 'model' needs (I hope firebase will take care of most of them), but at least some sort 'Login' will be needed for this to work. 
		
		TASK
			Again, the app will be able to make all CRUD operations to this 'model'
			This will be the 'core' of the app (its a to-do app after all, lol)

			- TaskList
			- TaskCard
			- TaskForm (for both 'new task' and 'edit task' user cases)

3. APP DEVELOPMENT
	3.1 BACKEND: Firstly you need to check Firebase and React integrations to create the login, and all the 'users' CRUD